Accept : accept
According : accord
Activate : activate
Add : add
Agree : agree
Alert : alert
Allow : allow
Annoyed : annoy
Ask : ask
Barking : bark
Be : be
Become : become
Beeping : beep
Begin : begin
Believe : believe
Bibble : bibble
Billowing : billow
Blast : blast
Blind : blind
Blinding : blind
Blown : blow
Break : break
Breathing : breathe
Bring : bring
Bury : bury
Buy : buy
Buzzing : buzz
Cable : cable
Calculate : calculate
Carry : carry
Catching : catch
Caught : catch
Chained : chain
Check : check
Chosen : choose
Clean : clean
Close : close
Clutching : clutch
Come : come
Coming : come
Concentrate : concentrate
Conduct : conduct
Conferring : confer
Connected : connect
Consider : consider
Considering : consider
Consumed : consume
Continue : continue
Continuing : continue
Copy : copy
Correct : correct
Count : count
Crouching : crouch
Crush : crush
Curving : curve
Cut : cut
Deactivate : deactivate
Decide : decide
Deploy : deploy
Destroy : destroy
Did : do
Die : die
Discover : discover
Disguised : disguise
Dismantle : dismantle
Distract : distract
Disturbing : disturb
Do : do
Double : double
Draw : draw
Drop : drop
Earned : earn
Eat : eat
Encircle : encircle
Encountering : encounter
Energize : energize
Enter : enter
Evacuate : evacuate
Evading : evade
Exalted : exalt
Excuse : excuse
Execute : execute
Exhausted : exhaust
Extending : extend
Failed : fail
Feel : feel
Feeling : feel
Figured : figure
Find : find
Fire : fire
Fit : fit
Fly : fly
Follow : follow
Forget : forget
Forgive : forgive
Form : form
Found : find
Free : free
Freeze : freeze
Gather : gather
Get : get
Getting : get
Give : give
Given : give
Go : go
Going : go
Got : get
Grab : grab
Hang : hang
Hanging : hang
Have : have
Having : have
Hear : hear
Hearing : hear
Help : help
Hidden : hide
Hiding : hide
Hit : hit
Hold : hold
Holding : hold
Hook : hook
Hoping : hope
Hurry : hurry
Inform : inform
Intensify : intensify
Invaded : invade
Jam : jam
Join : join
Judge : judge
Keep : keep
Kill : kill
Killed : kill
Know : know
Laugh : laugh
Leaping : leap
Learn : learn
Leave : leave
Let : let
Letting : let
Leveling : level
Listen : listen
Lock : lock
Locked : lock
Look : look
Looking : look
Looks : look
Losing : lose
Make : make
Masked : mask
Mind : mind
Miss : miss
Mourn : mourn
Move : move
Moving : move
Muffled : muffle
Need : need
Notice : notice
Noticing : notice
Open : open
Opposing : oppose
Ordered : order
Outta : outta
Overruled : overrule
Panting : pant
Pass : pass
Passing : pass
Pay : pay
Place : place
Pleased : please
Podracing : podrace
Point : point
Points : point
Pounded : pound
Pray : pray
Prepare : prepare
Proceed : proceed
Process : process
Protect : protect
Protecting : protect
Pull : pull
Pulling : pull
Punch : punch
Put : put
Rattled : rattle
Reaching : reach
Realizing : realize
Reassured : reassure
Rejoice : rejoice
Relax : relax
Relieved : relieve
Remember : remember
Reroute : reroute
Reset : reset
Rest : rest
Rise : rise
Rrevealed : rreveale
Ruled : rule
Running : run
Save : save
Say : say
Seal : seal
Search : search
Seated : seat
See : see
Seeing : see
Sell : sell
Send : send
Set : set
Shocked : shock
Shoot : shoot
Show : show
Shut : Shut
Sit : sit
Sitting : sit
Sleep : sleep
Slow : slow
Smoldering : smolder
Sniffing : sniff
Sold : sell
Sorry : sorry
Sounds : sound
Sparking : spark
Spewing : spew
Split : split
Stand : stand
Standing : stand
Start : start
Stay : stay
Stop : stop
Stopped : stop
Strap : strap
Strapped : strap
Strike : strike
Suggest : suggest
Surge : surge
Surrender : surrender
Survive : survive
Swing : swing
Switch : switch
Sying : sye
Take : take
Taking : take
Tasting : taste
Tell : tell
Tested : test
Thank : thank
Thee : thee
Think : think
Throw : throw
Tis : tis
Told : tell
Train : train
Trained : train
Treat : treat
Trust : trust
Trusting : trust
Try : try
Trying : try
Turn : turn
Twisted : twist
Use : use
Using : use
Visit : visit
Vote : vote
Wait : wait
Waiting : wait
Wake : wake
Walking : walk
Watch : watch
Wearing : wear
Welcome : welcome
Whistling : whistle
Wipe : wipe
Wish : wish
Wit : wit
abandon : abandon
abated : abate
accelerate : accelerate
accelerates : accelerate
accept : accept
accepted : accept
accompanied : accompany
accomplish : accomplish
accomplished : accomplish
accord : accord
according : accord
accounted : account
achieve : achieve
achieved : achieve
aching : ache
acknowledge : acknowledge
acquired : acquire
act : act
acting : act
activate : activate
activated : activate
activates : activate
activating : activate
adapt : adapt
adapting : adapt
add : add
addresses : address
adjoining : adjoin
adjourned : adjourn
adjust : adjust
adjusting : adjust
adjusts : adjust
admired : admire
admit : admit
adopted : adopt
adopting : adopt
adopts : adopt
advance : advance
advances : advance
advise : advise
advised : advise
affect : affect
affected : affect
afford : afford
afraid : afraid
agasint : agasint
agitated : agitate
agree : agree
agreed : agree
agreeing : agree
agrees : agree
ai : be
aim : aim
aimed : aim
aims : aim
alerted : alert
aligned : align
allow : allow
allowed : allow
allowing : allow
alter : alter
altering : alter
amend : amend
amplified : amplify
amused : amuse
angles : angle
animated : animate
announces : announce
annoying : annoy
answer : answer
answered : answer
answering : answer
answers : answer
apologize : apologize
appear : appear
appeared : appear
appearing : appear
appears : appear
appointed : appoint
appointing : appoint
appreciate : appreciate
approach : approach
approaches : approach
approaching : approach
approve : approve
approved : approve
aquire : aquire
arc : arc
arch : arch
arcing : arc
are : be
argue : argue
armed : arm
arrange : arrange
arranged : arrange
arrest : arrest
arrive : arrive
arrived : arrive
arrives : arrive
arriving : arrive
ask : ask
asked : ask
asking : ask
asks : ask
assassinate : assassinate
assassinated : assassinate
assemble : assemble
assembled : assemble
assembling : assemble
assertain : assertain
assess : assess
assigned : assign
assist : assist
associated : associate
assume : assume
assure : assure
assured : assure
astonished : astonish
ate : eat
attach : attach
attached : attach
attaches : attach
attack : attack
attacked : attack
attacking : attack
attacks : attack
attempt : attempt
attempted : attempt
attempts : attempt
attend : attend
attending : attend
attends : attend
attract : attract
attracting : attract
attracts : attract
averting : avert
avoid : avoid
avoided : avoid
avoiding : avoid
avoids : avoid
await : await
awaits : await
awaken : awaken
awakens : awaken
back : back
backed : back
backing : back
backs : back
balances : balance
balancing : balance
bang : bang
bangs : bang
banish : banish
banished : banish
bank : bank
banking : bank
barbecued : barbecue
bargain : bargain
bargained : bargain
barges : barge
barking : bark
barks : bark
barred : bar
barter : barter
bash : bash
bashes : bash
bashing : bash
bathe : bathe
bathed : bathe
battered : batter
battle : battle
battles : battle
battling : battle
be : be
beaming : beam
bear : bear
bearing : bear
bears : bear
beat : beat
beaten : beat
beating : beat
became : become
beckons : beckon
become : become
becomes : become
becoming : become
been : be
beencommanded : beencommande
beeping : beep
beeps : beep
befriended : befriend
beg : beg
began : begin
begin : begin
beginning : begin
begins : begin
begun : begin
beheads : behead
belches : belch
believe : believe
believed : believe
believes : believe
believing : believe
bellowing : bellow
bellows : bellow
belong : belong
belongs : belong
bending : bend
bends : bend
berates : berate
besieged : besiege
bet : bet
betray : betray
betrayed : betray
betting : bet
beware : beware
bewildered : bewilder
bidding : bid
billowing : billow
billows : billow
binds : bind
bio : bio
bites : bite
blackened : blacken
blame : blame
blast : blast
blasted : blast
blasting : blast
blasts : blast
blazing : blaze
blesses : bless
blew : blow
blinded : blind
blinding : blind
blinds : blind
blink : blink
blinking : blink
blinks : blink
block : block
blocked : block
blocking : block
blocks : block
bloodied : bloody
blow : blow
blowing : blow
blown : blow
blows : blow
blurs : blur
blurts : blurt
blushes : blush
board : board
boards : board
bobs : bob
bogged : bogge
bolts : bolt
bombard : bombard
boo : boo
booing : boo
born : bear
borne : bear
bother : bother
bothering : bother
bought : buy
bounce : bounce
bounces : bounce
bouncing : bounce
bound : bind
bounds : bound
bow : bow
bowed : bow
bowling : bowl
bows : bow
boxed : box
brace : brace
braced : brace
bragging : brag
braided : braid
brake : brake
branding : brand
brandishing : brandish
break : break
breaking : break
breaks : break
breathe : breathe
breathing : breathe
breaths : breath
briefs : brief
bring : bring
bringen : bringen
bringing : bring
brings : bring
broadcasting : broadcast
broken : break
brought : bring
bruised : bruise
brush : brush
brushes : brush
brushing : brush
buck : buck
buckle : buckle
buckling : buckle
bucks : buck
budge : budge
buffeted : buffet
buffeting : buffet
build : build
building : build
built : build
bulge : bulge
bump : bump
bumping : bump
bundled : bundle
burn : burn
burned : burn
burning : burn
burnished : burnish
burnt : burn
burps : burp
burst : burst
bursts : burst
bustling : bustle
butts : butt
buy : buy
buzzes : buzz
buzzing : buzz
bypassed : bypass
cackles : cackle
caked : cake
calculates : calculate
call : call
called : call
calling : call
calls : call
calm : calm
calmed : calm
came : come
campe : campe
capture : capture
captured : capture
care : care
cared : care
careens : careen
cares : care
carried : carry
carries : carry
carry : carry
carrying : carry
cartwheeling : cartwheel
carved : carve
cast : cast
casts : cast
catapults : catapult
catch : catch
catches : catch
catching : catch
caught : catch
cause : cause
caused : cause
causes : cause
causing : cause
ceased : cease
center : center
chaade : chaade
chained : chain
challenged : challenge
challenges : challenge
change : change
changed : change
changes : change
changing : change
chant : chant
charge : charge
charged : charge
charges : charge
charging : charge
chase : chase
chased : chase
chases : chase
chasing : chase
chattering : chatter
chatters : chatter
cheat : cheat
cheated : cheat
check : check
checking : check
checks : check
cheer : cheer
cheers : cheer
chewed : chew
chewing : chew
chirping : chirp
chirps : chirp
chiselled : chisel
choke : choke
choking : choke
choose : choose
chooses : choose
chop : chop
chopping : chop
chops : chop
chose : choose
chosen : choose
chuckle : chuckle
chuckles : chuckle
chuckling : chuckle
circle : circle
circled : circle
circles : circle
circling : circle
clad : clothe
clambers : clamber
clanks : clank
claps : clap
clash : clash
clattering : clatter
claws : claw
clean : clean
cleaning : clean
clear : clear
clearing : clear
clears : clear
clicks : click
climb : climb
climbed : climb
climbing : climb
climbs : climb
cling : cling
clinging : cling
clings : cling
clip : clip
clipping : clip
cloaked : cloak
clobbers : clobber
clogs : clog
close : close
closed : close
closes : close
closing : close
clouds : cloud
clubbing : club
clutches : clutch
clutching : clutch
clutter : clutter
coated : coat
cock : cock
cocks : cock
coded : code
collapsed : collapse
collapses : collapse
collapsing : collapse
collect : collect
collide : collide
collides : collide
colliding : collide
combined : combine
come : come
comes : come
comfort : comfort
comin : comin
coming : come
comlink : comlink
commands : command
commence : commence
commended : commend
comment : comment
commented : comment
commission : commission
committing : commit
commune : commune
communicate : communicate
communicates : communicate
compensate : compensate
compete : compete
complete : complete
completed : complete
completes : complete
completing : complete
comply : comply
compose : compose
composed : compose
comprehend : comprehend
conceded : concede
conceived : conceive
concentrate : concentrate
concentrated : concentrate
concentrates : concentrate
concern : concern
concur : concur
concurs : concur
condemn : condemn
condemned : condemn
condone : condone
conduct : conduct
conducts : conduct
confer : confer
conferring : confer
confers : confer
confined : confine
confiscate : confiscate
conflicting : conflict
confront : confront
confused : confuse
congratulated : congratulate
connected : connect
connecting : connect
connects : connect
conned : con
conning : con
conquer : conquer
consider : consider
considered : consider
considers : consider
constrict : constrict
constructed : construct
consult : consult
consume : consume
consumed : consume
consumes : consume
contact : contact
contacted : contact
contain : contain
continue : continue
continued : continue
continues : continue
continuing : continue
control : control
controlled : control
controller : controller
controllers : controller
controlling : control
convert : convert
convicted : convict
convince : convince
cooing : coo
cook : cook
cooking : cook
cooling : cool
copy : copy
corrects : correct
coughing : cough
count : count
counterpointed : counterpoint
counting : count
course : course
cover : cover
covered : cover
covering : cover
covers : cover
cowering : cower
cracking : crack
cracks : crack
cradles : cradle
cradling : cradle
crash : crash
crashed : crash
crashes : crash
crashing : crash
craves : crave
crawl : crawl
crawling : crawl
crawls : crawl
crazed : craze
creaks : creak
creases : crease
create : create
created : create
creates : create
creating : create
credit : credit
creep : creep
creeps : creep
cries : cry
cringe : cringe
cross : cross
crossed : cross
crosses : cross
crouched : crouch
crouching : crouch
crowd : crowd
crowded : crowd
crowding : crowd
cruise : cruise
cruises : cruise
cruising : cruise
crumbles : crumble
crumbling : crumble
crumples : crumple
crunched : crunch
crunches : crunch
crush : crush
crushed : crush
crushes : crush
cry : cry
crying : cry
culled : cull
curdling : curdle
cured : cure
curl : curl
curling : curl
cut : cut
cuts : cut
cutting : cut
damaged : damage
dancing : dance
dangle : dangle
dangles : dangle
dangling : dangle
dare : dare
darkening : darken
dart : dart
darting : dart
das : da
dash : dash
dashes : dash
dashing : dash
dawned : dawn
dawns : dawn
dazed : daze
deactivate : deactivate
deactivated : deactivate
deactivates : deactivate
deafening : deafen
deal : deal
dealing : deal
deals : deal
dealt : deal
debark : debark
debates : debate
debating : debate
decalred : decalre
decapitated : decapitate
deceived : deceive
decide : decide
decided : decide
decides : decide
decimated : decimate
decimating : decimate
decreed : decree
decsends : decsend
dedicated : dedicate
defeat : defeat
defeated : defeat
defend : defend
defends : defend
defer : defer
define : define
deflect : deflect
deflected : deflect
deflecting : deflect
deflects : deflect
defy : defy
degenerated : degenerate
degenerates : degenerate
delighted : delight
delineating : delineate
deliver : deliver
delivered : deliver
demand : demand
demanded : demand
demanding : demand
demands : demand
demolished : demolish
demunded : demunde
denies : deny
deny : deny
depart : depart
depend : depend
depending : depend
depends : depend
depicting : depict
deploy : deploy
descend : descend
descending : descend
descends : descend
describe : describe
described : describe
describes : describe
deserted : desert
deserve : deserve
deserves : deserve
designed : design
destined : destine
destroy : destroy
destroyed : destroy
destroying : destroy
destroys : destroy
detach : detach
detached : detach
detaches : detach
detected : detect
detects : detect
determine : determine
determined : determine
determines : determine
detonate : detonate
devastated : devastate
developed : develop
diced : dice
did : do
didn : didn
die : die
died : die
dies : die
dig : dig
digested : digest
digs : dig
diminished : diminish
dips : dip
direct : direct
directing : direct
disables : disable
disagree : disagree
disappear : disappear
disappeared : disappear
disappearing : disappear
disappears : disappear
disappoint : disappoint
disappointed : disappoint
disarming : disarm
disassembled : disassemble
disbelieving : disbelieve
discarded : discard
disconnects : disconnect
discover : discover
discovered : discover
discovers : discover
discuss : discuss
discussing : discuss
disembark : disembark
disgorging : disgorge
disguised : disguise
disintegrated : disintegrate
disintegrating : disintegrate
dismantle : dismantle
dismantling : dismantle
dismay : dismay
dismounts : dismount
disobeying : disobey
dispatched : dispatch
dispense : dispense
dispersed : disperse
disperses : disperse
displaying : display
disposes : dispose
dispute : dispute
disrupt : disrupt
disrupted : disrupt
dissapear : dissapear
dissapears : dissapear
dissipates : dissipate
distance : distance
distort : distort
distract : distract
distracted : distract
disturb : disturb
disturbed : disturb
dive : dive
divebombing : divebombe
dives : dive
divide : divide
divided : divide
dlies : dlie
do : do
docked : dock
docking : dock
dodges : dodge
dodging : dodge
doen : doen
does : do
doesn : doesn
doing : do
dominate : dominate
dominates : dominate
don : don
done : do
doomed : doom
dorp : dorp
double : double
doubled : double
doubt : doubt
doubted : doubt
drag : drag
dragged : drag
dragging : drag
drags : drag
drains : drain
draw : draw
drawing : draw
drawn : draw
draws : draw
dream : dream
dreamed : dream
dreaming : dream
dressed : dress
dried : dry
drifted : drift
drifting : drift
drilling : drill
drink : drink
dripping : drip
drive : drive
driven : drive
drives : drive
driving : drive
droid : droid
droids : droid
drop : drop
dropped : drop
dropping : drop
drops : drop
drown : drown
drowning : drown
drums : drum
dry : dry
duck : duck
ducking : duck
ducks : duck
duel : duel
duey : duey
dumbfounded : dumbfound
dump : dump
dunno : dunno
dwarfed : dwarf
dwell : dwell
dying : die
ease : ease
eases : ease
easing : ease
eat : eat
eating : eat
echo : echo
echoes : echo
echoing : echo
edges : edge
ejected : eject
ejects : eject
elaborating : elaborate
elect : elect
elected : elect
electrified : electrify
elects : elect
emanates : emanate
embarrasses : embarrass
embedded : embed
embrace : embrace
embraced : embrace
embraces : embrace
emerge : emerge
emerges : emerge
emerging : emerge
emit : emit
emits : emit
en : en
enable : enable
encased : encase
encircling : encircle
enclosed : enclose
encountered : encounter
encouraged : encourage
end : end
endangering : endanger
ended : end
ending : end
ends : end
endure : endure
enfold : enfold
enforces : enforce
engage : engage
engaged : engage
engulf : engulf
engulfed : engulf
engulfs : engulf
enhance : enhance
enjoy : enjoy
enjoying : enjoy
enslaves : enslave
ensues : ensue
ensure : ensure
entangle : entangle
enter : enter
entered : enter
entering : enter
enters : enter
entranced : entrance
envelops : envelop
erased : erase
erupt : erupt
erupting : erupt
erupts : erupt
escape : escape
escaped : escape
escapes : escape
escaping : escape
escort : escort
escorted : escort
escorting : escort
establish : establish
established : establish
evacuate : evacuate
evades : evade
examine : examine
examines : examine
examining : examine
exasperated : exasperate
exceed : exceed
exchange : exchange
exchanging : exchange
excluded : exclude
excuse : excuse
execute : execute
executed : execute
exerted : exert
exerts : exert
exist : exist
exists : exist
exit : exit
exiting : exit
exits : exit
expect : expect
expected : expect
expecting : expect
expects : expect
expelled : expel
experience : experience
experienced : experience
expict : expict
expired : expire
expires : expire
explain : explain
explains : explain
explode : explode
exploded : explode
explodes : explode
exploding : explode
explore : explore
express : express
expressed : express
expresses : express
extend : extend
extended : extend
extending : extend
extends : extend
extinguishes : extinguish
eye : eye
eyeing : eye
eyes : eye
face : face
faces : face
facing : face
fade : fade
faded : fade
fades : fade
fading : fade
fail : fail
failed : fail
failing : fail
fails : fail
faints : faint
fakes : fake
fall : fall
fallen : fall
falling : fall
falls : fall
fanged : fange
fear : fear
fears : fear
fed : feed
feel : feel
feeling : feel
feels : feel
fell : fall
felt : feel
fend : fend
fiddling : fiddle
fight : fight
fighting : fight
fights : fight
figure : figure
file : file
filing : file
fill : fill
filled : fill
filling : fill
fills : fill
filter : filter
find : find
findin : findin
finding : find
finds : find
finish : finish
finished : finish
finishes : finish
fire : fire
fires : fire
firing : fire
fit : fit
fitted : fit
fix : fix
fixed : fix
fixes : fix
fixing : fix
fizzing : fizz
flaming : flame
flanked : flank
flap : flap
flapping : flap
flash : flash
flashed : flash
flashes : flash
flashing : flash
flattening : flatten
flee : flee
fleeing : flee
flew : fly
flexes : flex
flexing : flex
flick : flick
flicker : flicker
flickering : flicker
flickers : flicker
flicks : flick
flies : fly
flinches : flinch
fling : fle
flings : fling
flip : flip
flipping : flip
flips : flip
float : float
floating : float
floats : float
flood : flood
flooded : flood
flops : flop
flow : flow
flowered : flower
flows : flow
flung : fling
flushes : flush
fly : fly
flying : fly
focus : focus
focuses : focus
focusing : focus
fogged : fog
foiled : foil
folled : folle
follow : follow
followed : follow
following : follow
follows : follow
fool : fool
fooling : fool
forbid : forbid
forbidden : forbid
forbids : forbid
force : force
forced : force
forces : force
forcing : force
foreboding : forebode
foresee : foresee
foreseen : foresee
forge : forge
forget : forget
forgets : forget
forgot : forgot
forgotten : forget
form : form
formed : form
forming : form
forms : form
forsake : forsake
fought : fight
found : find
frame : frame
framed : frame
free : free
freed : free
freeing : free
frees : free
freeze : freeze
freezes : freeze
freezing : freeze
fried : fry
frightened : frighten
frightens : frighten
frizzed : frizz
front : front
frowns : frown
frozen : freeze
fulfill : fulfill
fulfilling : fulfil
fumbling : fumble
fund : fund
gain : gain
gained : gain
gaining : gain
gains : gain
gallops : gallop
gamble : gamble
gaping : gape
gasping : gasp
gasps : gasp
gather : gather
gathered : gather
gathering : gather
gathers : gather
gave : give
gazes : gaze
gazing : gaze
generalising : generalise
generate : generate
generated : generate
generates : generate
generating : generate
gesturing : gesture
get : get
gets : get
getting : get
give : give
given : give
gives : give
givesout : givesout
giving : give
glances : glance
glancing : glance
glares : glare
gleaming : gleam
glean : glean
glides : glide
glimpse : glimpse
glints : glint
glistens : glisten
glow : glow
glowing : glow
glows : glow
go : go
goads : goad
goen : goen
goes : go
going : go
gon : go
gone : go
goo : goo
gossipping : gossippe
got : get
gotten : get
grab : grab
grabbed : grab
grabbing : grab
grabs : grab
grant : grant
granting : grant
grapples : grapple
grappling : grapple
grasps : grasp
graze : graze
greet : greet
greeted : greet
greets : greet
grew : grow
grin : grin
grind : grind
grinning : grin
grins : grin
gripping : grip
grips : grip
groaning : groan
ground : grind
grow : grow
growing : grow
growl : growl
growling : growl
growls : growl
grown : grow
grows : grow
grumbles : grumble
grunting : grunt
grunts : grunt
guarantee : guarantee
guard : guard
guarded : guard
guarding : guard
guess : guess
guide : guide
guides : guide
guiding : guide
gun : gun
gunned : gun
gunning : gun
guns : gun
hack : hack
hacks : hack
had : have
hair : hair
halt : halt
halts : halt
hand : hand
handle : handle
handling : handle
hands : hand
hang : hang
hanging : hang
hangs : hang
happen : happen
happened : happen
happening : happen
happens : happen
hardened : harden
harnessed : harness
has : have
hate : hate
haul : haul
hauls : haul
haunted : haunt
have : have
having : have
head : head
headed : head
heading : head
heads : head
hear : hear
heard : hear
hearing : hear
hears : hear
heat : heat
heating : heat
heave : heave
held : hold
helmeted : helmete
help : help
helped : help
helping : help
helps : help
herald : herald
herd : herd
herded : herd
hereabouts : hereabout
hesitate : hesitate
hesitates : hesitate
hidden : hide
hide : hide
hides : hide
hiding : hide
hired : hire
hiss : hiss
hissing : hiss
hit : hit
hits : hit
hitting : hit
hobbles : hobble
hoisting : hoist
hoists : hoist
hold : hold
holding : hold
holds : hold
holsters : holster
homing : home
honor : honor
honored : honor
honoured : honour
hooked : hook
hooking : hook
hooks : hook
hope : hope
hoped : hope
hopes : hope
hoping : hope
hops : hop
hotwire : hotwire
housing : house
hovering : hover
hovers : hover
howls : howl
huddled : huddle
huddles : huddle
hug : hug
hugged : hug
hugs : hug
humbled : humble
humming : hum
hunted : hunt
hurl : hurl
hurled : hurl
hurling : hurl
hurls : hurl
hurries : hurry
hurry : hurry
hurt : hurt
hurtles : hurtle
hurtling : hurtle
identified : identify
identify : identify
ignite : ignite
ignited : ignite
ignites : ignite
igniting : ignite
ignore : ignore
ignored : ignore
illuminate : illuminate
illuminated : illuminate
illuminating : illuminate
imagine : imagine
imagining : imagine
imitating : imitate
immobilize : immobilize
impersonate : impersonate
implied : imply
implode : implode
imploding : implode
impress : impress
include : include
included : include
includes : include
including : include
increases : increase
increasing : increase
indicate : indicate
indicated : indicate
indicates : indicate
indicating : indicate
influence : influence
inform : inform
inquire : inquire
inserted : insert
inserts : insert
inspect : inspect
inspecting : inspect
inspects : inspect
installed : instal
instruct : instruct
instructed : instruct
insure : insure
intends : intend
intensifies : intensify
intensify : intensify
intercede : intercede
intercept : intercept
intercepted : intercept
interfere : interfere
interferes : interfere
interrupt : interrupt
interrupting : interrupt
interrupts : interrupt
intervene : intervene
introduce : introduce
intrude : intrude
invaded : invade
invent : invent
investigate : investigate
investigates : investigate
invited : invite
involved : involve
irritating : irritate
is : be
isn : isn
isolated : isolate
issues : issue
jamming : jam
jams : jam
jettisoned : jettison
join : join
joined : join
joining : join
joins : join
juggle : juggle
jump : jump
jumped : jump
jumping : jump
jumps : jump
keep : keep
keeping : keep
keeps : keep
kept : keep
kick : kick
kicked : kick
kicking : kick
kicks : kick
kidnapped : kidnap
kill : kill
killed : kill
killing : kill
kills : kill
kiss : kiss
kissed : kiss
kisses : kiss
kncoked : kncoke
kneel : kneel
kneeling : kneel
kneels : kneel
knew : know
knock : knock
knocked : knock
knocking : knock
knocks : knock
know : know
knowing : know
known : know
knows : know
lacks : lack
ladling : ladle
lagging : lag
lags : lag
land : land
landed : land
landing : land
lands : land
lasers : laser
lash : lash
lashes : lash
lassoed : lasso
last : last
lasted : last
laugh : laugh
laughed : laugh
laughing : laugh
laughs : laugh
launched : launch
launches : launch
lay : lay
lays : lay
lead : lead
leading : lead
leads : lead
leaking : leak
leaned : lean
leaning : lean
leans : lean
leap : leap
leaped : leap
leaps : leap
learn : learn
learned : learn
learning : learn
learnt : learn
leave : leave
leaves : leave
leaving : leave
lecture : lecture
led : lead
left : leave
legitimize : legitimize
let : let
lets : let
letting : let
level : level
levitate : levitate
levitates : levitate
licks : lick
lie : lie
lies : lie
lift : lift
lifted : lift
lifting : lift
lifts : lift
light : light
lighted : light
lights : light
like : like
liked : like
liken : liken
likes : like
limps : limp
lined : line
links : link
list : list
listen : listen
listening : listen
listens : listen
lit : light
live : live
lived : live
lives : live
living : live
load : load
loaded : load
loading : load
loads : load
locate : locate
located : locate
locates : locate
lock : lock
locked : lock
lokk : lokk
look : look
looked : look
lookin : lookin
looking : look
looks : look
loom : loom
looming : loom
looms : loom
loops : loop
loosen : loosen
looses : loose
lose : lose
loses : lose
losing : lose
lost : lose
lounging : lounge
love : love
loved : love
loves : love
loving : love
lower : lower
lowered : lower
lowering : lower
lowers : lower
lumber : lumber
lumbering : lumber
lunges : lunge
lunging : lunge
lurch : lurch
lurches : lurch
lurching : lurch
lurking : lurk
lying : lie
mackineeks : mackineek
made : make
magnetized : magnetize
maintain : maintain
maintaining : maintain
maintains : maintain
make : make
maken : maken
makes : make
making : make
managed : manage
manages : manage
maneuver : maneuver
maneuvers : maneuver
manoeuvre : manoeuvre
manoeuvres : manoeuvre
march : march
marches : march
marching : march
marks : mark
married : marry
marry : marry
marveling : marvel
masks : mask
massage : massage
massaged : massage
massed : mass
massing : mass
materialize : materialize
materialized : materialize
materializes : materialize
mean : mean
means : mean
meant : mean
measuring : measure
meditates : meditate
meditating : meditate
meet : meet
meeting : meet
melt : melt
mentioned : mention
merge : merge
mesmerized : mesmerize
met : meet
mimicking : mimic
mind : mind
mired : mire
misplaced : misplace
miss : miss
missed : miss
misses : miss
missing : miss
moaning : moan
moans : moan
mock : mock
mocking : mock
modified : modify
moisture : moisture
monitoring : monitor
mooie : mooie
motions : motion
motivate : motivate
mounted : mount
mounts : mount
mourn : mourn
move : move
moved : move
moves : move
moving : move
mskes : mske
muffle : muffle
mumble : mumble
mumbles : mumble
munched : munch
munching : munch
murdered : murder
mussing : muss
musta : musta
musters : muster
muttering : mutter
mutters : mutter
mystifying : mystify
nailed : nail
named : name
narrowing : narrow
narrows : narrow
navigate : navigate
navigates : navigate
navigating : navigate
nearing : near
nears : near
need : need
needed : need
needing : need
needs : need
negotiate : negotiate
nicked : nick
nicks : nick
nod : nod
nods : nod
noe : noe
nominated : nominate
notes : note
notice : notice
noticed : notice
notices : notice
noticing : notice
nudges : nudge
obey : obey
object : object
obliterates : obliterate
obscured : obscure
obscures : obscure
obscuring : obscure
observe : observe
observed : observe
observes : observe
obsessed : obsess
occured : occur
offer : offer
offers : offer
open : open
opened : open
opening : open
opens : open
operate : operate
operating : operate
opposed : oppose
opposing : oppose
orbiting : orbit
ordered : order
orders : order
outlaunders : outlaunder
outlaying : outlaye
outmaneuver : outmaneuver
outmaneuvering : outmaneuver
outnumbered : outnumber
overcome : overcome
overdid : overdo
overhear : overhear
overhearing : overhear
overhears : overhear
overheated : overheat
overlooking : overlook
overpowers : overpower
override : override
overrun : overrun
oversee : oversee
overseeing : oversee
overshoot : overshoot
overtaken : overtake
overthrow : overthrow
owe : owe
owes : owe
owning : own
pace : pace
paces : pace
pacing : pace
pack : pack
packages : package
packed : pack
packing : pack
paid : pay
painting : paint
panic : panic
panicked : panic
panics : panic
panting : pant
pantomimes : pantomime
pardon : pardon
parked : park
parks : park
parried : parry
parries : parry
parted : part
pass : pass
passed : pass
passes : pass
passing : pass
pasted : paste
pat : pat
patch : patch
patrol : patrol
pats : pat
pause : pause
pauses : pause
pausing : pause
pay : pay
paying : pay
peek : peek
peeking : peek
peeks : peek
peel : peel
peels : peel
peeps : peep
peer : peer
peering : peer
peers : peer
pelt : pelt
pelted : pelt
penetrate : penetrate
penetrated : penetrate
perceive : perceive
perched : perch
perform : perform
perk : perk
persuade : persuade
pets : pet
phrased : phrase
pick : pick
picked : pick
picking : pick
picks : pick
pierced : pierce
pierces : pierce
piercing : pierce
pile : pile
piled : pile
pilot : pilot
pilots : pilot
pinches : pinch
pinned : pin
pinpoints : pinpoint
pinwheel : pinwheel
pirate : pirate
pitched : pitch
pitching : pitch
pitted : pit
placed : place
places : place
placing : place
plan : plan
planned : plan
planning : plan
planted : plant
play : play
played : play
playing : play
plays : play
plead : plead
pleases : please
pleasing : please
pledge : pledge
pledged : pledge
plops : plop
plotting : plot
plug : plug
plugs : plug
plummet : plummet
plummets : plummet
point : point
pointed : point
pointing : point
points : point
poke : poke
pokes : poke
poking : poke
polarized : polarize
ponder : ponder
ponders : ponder
poodoo : poodoo
pop : pop
popped : pop
pops : pop
populated : populate
position : position
positions : position
possessed : possess
posted : post
pound : pound
pounding : pound
pour : pour
poured : pour
powered : power
powering : power
praise : praise
pray : pray
praying : pray
predicted : predict
prefer : prefer
prepare : prepare
prepared : prepare
prepares : prepare
preparing : prepare
present : present
presenting : present
presents : present
preserve : preserve
press : press
pressed : press
presses : press
pressing : press
pressume : pressume
pressurized : pressurize
pretending : pretend
pricks : prick
pried : pry
prints : print
proceed : proceed
proceeding : proceed
proceeds : proceed
processed : process
prodded : prod
prods : prod
proffered : proffer
profit : profit
programmed : program
progresses : progress
projected : project
projecting : project
promise : promise
promised : promise
propel : propel
propels : propel
propose : propose
prostrates : prostrate
protect : protect
protected : protect
protecting : protect
protects : protect
protest : protest
protesting : protest
protruding : protrude
prove : prove
proven : prove
provide : provide
provoked : provoke
pull : pull
pulled : pull
pulling : pull
pulls : pull
pulse : pulse
pulsing : pulse
pulverized : pulverize
punches : punch
punished : punish
pursuade : pursuade
pursue : pursue
pursued : pursue
pursuing : pursue
push : push
pushed : push
pushes : push
pushing : push
put : put
puts : put
putting : put
puzzled : puzzle
quiet : quiet
quiets : quiet
quit : quit
race : race
races : race
racing : race
radiates : radiate
rage : rage
rages : rage
ragesaround : ragesaround
raging : rage
raiding : raid
railing : rail
rain : rain
raining : rain
rains : rain
raise : raise
raised : raise
raises : raise
raising : raise
rallies : rally
rampaging : rampage
ran : run
ranking : rank
rappel : rappel
rappelling : rappel
raqces : raqce
rasping : rasp
ratified : ratify
rattle : rattle
rattled : rattle
rattles : rattle
raves : rave
raving : rave
reach : reach
reached : reach
reaches : reach
reaching : reach
react : react
reacts : react
read : read
readied : readie
readjusts : readjust
reads : read
realise : realise
realised : realise
realises : realise
realize : realize
realized : realize
realizes : realize
reappears : reappear
rears : rear
rebuffs : rebuff
rebuild : rebuild
recalibrated : recalibrate
recedes : recede
receding : recede
receeding : receede
received : receive
receiving : receive
recharge : recharge
recieve : recieve
recieves : recieve
recognise : recognise
recognises : recognise
recognize : recognize
recognizes : recognize
recommend : recommend
reconfigure : reconfigure
reconsider : reconsider
recover : recover
recovers : recover
recruited : recruit
recuited : recuite
red : red
reduce : reduce
reduced : reduce
reengage : reengage
refer : refer
referring : refer
reflect : reflect
reflected : reflect
reflecting : reflect
refuel : refuel
refuels : refuel
refuse : refuse
refused : refuse
regain : regain
regains : regain
regard : regard
regards : regard
regret : regret
regroup : regroup
reigning : reign
reinforce : reinforce
reins : rein
rejoice : rejoice
relate : relate
relax : relax
relaxes : relax
relay : relay
release : release
released : release
releases : release
releasing : release
relieve : relieve
relieved : relieve
relocate : relocate
rely : rely
remain : remain
remained : remain
remaining : remain
remains : remain
remember : remember
remembering : remember
remembers : remember
remind : remind
removed : remove
removes : remove
renew : renew
reopens : reopen
reorganized : reorganize
repair : repair
repeats : repeat
repel : repel
repels : repel
replace : replace
replaces : replace
report : report
reported : report
representing : represent
represents : represent
request : request
requested : request
requesting : request
requests : request
require : require
rescue : rescue
rescued : rescue
rescuing : rescue
reserve : reserve
reside : reside
resigned : resign
resist : resist
resolve : resolve
resonating : resonate
respond : respond
responds : respond
rest : rest
resting : rest
restore : restore
restored : restore
restrain : restrain
restrained : restrain
restraining : restrain
rests : rest
resumes : resume
retain : retain
retains : retain
rethink : rethink
retire : retire
retracting : retract
retracts : retract
retransmit : retransmit
retransmitted : retransmit
retreat : retreat
retreating : retreat
retreats : retreat
retrieve : retrieve
retrieved : retrieve
retrieves : retrieve
reture : reture
return : return
returned : return
returning : return
returns : return
reunited : reunite
reveal : reveal
revealed : reveal
revealing : reveal
reveals : reveal
reverse : reverse
revoke : revoke
revolves : revolve
revving : rev
rewarded : reward
rewire : rewire
ricochets : ricochet
ridden : ride
ride : ride
rides : ride
riding : ride
rids : rid
ridses : ridse
rights : right
riled : rile
ring : ring
ripped : rip
ripping : rip
ripples : ripple
rips : rip
rise : rise
rises : rise
rising : rise
risk : risk
rival : rival
roar : roar
roars : roar
robbed : rob
rock : rock
rocked : rock
rockets : rocket
rocking : rock
rocks : rock
roll : roll
rolling : roll
rolls : roll
rotate : rotate
rotates : rotate
round : round
rounding : round
rounds : round
routed : route
rub : rub
rubbing : rub
rubs : rub
rule : rule
ruled : rule
rumbles : rumble
rummage : rummage
rumored : rumor
run : run
running : run
runs : run
rush : rush
rushed : rush
rushes : rush
rushing : rush
sacrifice : sacrifice
said : say
sails : sail
salivating : salivate
salutes : salute
save : save
saved : save
saving : save
saw : see
say : say
saying : say
says : say
scan : scan
scanning : scan
scans : scan
scare : scare
scared : scare
scaring : scare
scattered : scatter
scattering : scatter
scoops : scoop
scoots : scoot
scorch : scorch
scored : score
scovered : scovere
scramble : scramble
scrambles : scramble
scrapes : scrape
scratches : scratch
scratching : scratch
scream : scream
screaming : scream
screams : scream
screened : screen
screwing : screw
scrolling : scroll
scurries : scurry
scurry : scurry
seal : seal
sealed : seal
sealing : seal
seals : seal
search : search
searches : search
searching : search
seated : seat
secede : secede
seconded : second
seconds : second
secure : secure
securing : secure
seduced : seduce
see : see
seeing : see
seek : seek
seeking : seek
seeks : seek
seem : seem
seemed : seem
seeming : seem
seems : seem
seen : see
seep : seep
sees : see
select : select
sell : sell
selling : sell
send : send
sending : send
sends : send
sense : sense
senses : sense
sensing : sense
sent : send
separate : separate
separated : separate
serve : serve
served : serve
serves : serve
serving : serve
set : set
sets : set
setting : set
settle : settle
settled : settle
settledown : settledown
settles : settle
settling : settle
sever : sever
severed : sever
shade : shade
shades : shade
shag : shag
shake : shake
shaken : shake
shakes : shake
shaking : shake
shaped : shape
share : share
shared : share
sharing : share
shield : shield
shift : shift
shifts : shift
shimmer : shimmer
shimmering : shimmer
shimmers : shimmer
shines : shine
shining : shine
ship : ship
shipping : ship
shivering : shiver
shivers : shiver
shoos : shoo
shoot : shoot
shooting : shoot
shoots : shoot
short : short
shot : shoot
shout : shout
shouts : shout
shove : shove
shoved : shove
shoves : shove
show : show
showed : show
showering : shower
showing : show
shown : show
shows : show
shredding : shred
shrinking : shrink
shrinks : shrink
shriveled : shrivel
shrouded : shroud
shrouds : shroud
shrugs : shrug
shudder : shudder
shudders : shudder
shuffles : shuffle
shut : shut
shuts : shut
shutting : shut
side : side
sidesteps : sidestep
sidetracked : sidetrack
sighs : sigh
sighted : sight
sign : sign
signal : signal
signaling : signal
signals : signal
signed : sign
signing : sign
silhouetted : silhouette
singing : singe
sink : sink
sinking : sink
sit : sit
sits : sit
sitting : sit
sizing : size
skid : skid
skidding : skid
skim : skim
skimming : skim
skims : skim
skips : skip
skittering : skitter
slam : slam
slammed : slam
slamming : slam
slams : slam
slapping : slap
slaps : slap
slash : slash
slashes : slash
slashing : slash
slavering : slaver
sleep : sleep
sleepin : sleepin
sleeping : sleep
sleeps : sleep
slicing : slice
slide : slide
slides : slide
sliding : slide
slimy : slimy
slings : sling
slinks : slink
slip : slip
slipped : slip
slipping : slip
slips : slip
slobbering : slobber
slow : slow
slowed : slow
slowing : slow
slows : slow
slumps : slump
slurps : slurp
smash : smash
smashed : smash
smashes : smash
smashing : smash
smell : smell
smelled : smell
smells : smell
smile : smile
smiles : smile
smiling : smile
smoking : smoke
smoldering : smolder
snap : snap
snaps : snap
snare : snare
snatches : snatch
sneak : sneak
sneaks : sneak
sniff : sniff
sniffing : sniff
sniffs : sniff
snoring : snore
snowspeeders : snowspeeder
soaking : soak
soars : soar
sold : sell
somethging : somethge
soothing : soothe
sorry : sorry
sound : sound
sounded : sound
sounding : sound
sounds : sound
spare : spare
spared : spare
spark : spark
sparking : spark
sparks : spark
speak : speak
speaking : speak
speaks : speak
spear : spear
speed : speed
speeder : speeder
speeding : speed
speeds : speed
spell : spell
spend : spend
spent : spend
spewed : spew
spewing : spew
spies : spy
spill : spill
spilling : spill
spin : spin
spinning : spin
spins : spin
spit : spit
spits : spit
splashing : splash
split : split
spoiled : spoil
spoke : speak
spooked : spook
spot : spot
spotlighted : spotlight
spots : spot
spotted : spot
sprawls : sprawl
spray : spray
sprayed : spray
spraying : spray
sprays : spray
spread : spread
spreads : spread
springs : spring
sprinkled : sprinkle
sprouted : sprout
spun : spin
spurt : spurt
spy : spy
squabbling : squabble
squash : squash
squashing : squash
squats : squat
squeaks : squeak
squeeze : squeeze
squeezes : squeeze
squishes : squish
stabs : stab
stacked : stack
staggers : stagger
stained : stain
stalking : stalk
stalks : stalk
stalled : stall
stalling : stall
stampedes : stampede
stamps : stamp
stand : stand
standing : stand
stands : stand
stare : stare
stares : stare
staring : stare
starring : star
start : start
started : start
starten : starten
starting : start
startled : startle
startling : startle
starts : start
starving : starve
state : state
stating : state
station : station
stationed : station
stay : stay
stayed : stay
staying : stay
stays : stay
steadies : steady
steamed : steam
steaming : steam
steers : steer
step : step
steps : step
stews : stew
stick : stick
sticking : stick
sticks : stick
stifle : stifle
stole : steal
stolen : steal
stomp : stomp
stood : stand
stop : stop
stopped : stop
stopping : stop
stops : stop
storm : storm
storms : storm
stows : stow
straighten : straighten
straightens : straighten
straining : strain
strains : strain
stranded : strand
strap : strap
strapped : strap
strapping : strap
straps : strap
streak : streak
streaks : streak
streaming : stream
streams : stream
stressed : stress
stretch : stretch
stretched : stretch
stretches : stretch
strewn : strew
strides : stride
strike : strike
strikes : strike
striking : strike
striving : strive
strokes : stroke
stroking : stroke
struck : strike
struggle : struggle
struggles : struggle
struggling : struggle
stuck : stick
studied : study
studies : study
studt : studt
study : study
studying : study
stuffs : stuff
stumbles : stumble
stunned : stun
stunted : stunt
submit : submit
subside : subside
subsides : subside
subtitled : subtitle
subverting : subvert
succeed : succeed
succeeds : succeed
sucked : suck
sucks : suck
suddenlt : suddenlt
suffer : suffer
suffering : suffer
suffers : suffer
suggest : suggest
suited : suit
summon : summon
sunk : sink
sunning : sun
supervised : supervise
supervises : supervise
supply : supply
support : support
supported : support
supporting : support
suppose : suppose
supposed : suppose
suppress : suppress
sure : sure
surging : surge
surpress : surpress
surprised : surprise
surrender : surrender
surrendered : surrender
surround : surround
surrounded : surround
surrounding : surround
surrounds : surround
surveyed : survey
surveying : survey
surveys : survey
survive : survive
survived : survive
survives : survive
surviving : survive
suspect : suspect
suspects : suspect
suspended : suspend
sustained : sustain
sustaining : sustain
swallowed : swallow
swallowing : swallow
swallows : swallow
swarm : swarm
swayed : sway
sways : sway
swear : swear
sweating : sweat
sweep : sweep
sweeps : sweep
swelling : swell
swept : sweep
swerve : swerve
swerves : swerve
swerving : swerve
swim : swim
swimming : swim
swims : swim
swindled : swindle
swing : swing
swinging : swinge
swings : swing
swipe : swipe
swirling : swirl
swirls : swirl
switch : switch
switched : switch
switches : switch
swivels : swivel
swoops : swoop
swore : swear
sworn : swear
swund : swund
tabs : tab
take : take
taken : take
takes : take
taking : take
taks : tak
talk : talk
talked : talk
talking : talk
talks : talk
tangle : tangle
tangled : tangle
taps : tap
target : target
taste : taste
tasting : taste
taught : teach
teach : teach
tear : tear
tears : tear
tease : tease
teetering : teeter
teeters : teeter
tell : tell
telling : tell
tells : tell
tempted : tempt
tends : tend
terminated : terminate
terrified : terrify
test : test
tested : test
thank : thank
thethered : thethere
thimk : thimk
thin : thin
think : think
thinking : think
thinks : think
thought : think
thrash : thrash
threatened : threaten
threatening : threaten
throw : throw
throwing : throw
thrown : throw
throws : throw
thrust : thrust
thrusting : thrust
thrusts : thrust
thumbs : thumbs
thumps : thump
tie : tie
tied : tie
tightening : tighten
tightens : tighten
tightrope : tightrope
tilts : tilt
tinged : tinge
tink : tink
tinted : tint
toget : toget
told : tell
tolerate : tolerate
took : take
topped : top
topple : topple
topples : topple
tormented : torment
tormenting : torment
torn : tear
tortured : torture
toss : toss
tossed : toss
tosses : toss
totaled : total
touch : touch
touches : touch
touching : touch
towering : tower
towing : tow
track : track
tracking : track
trades : trade
trailed : trail
trailing : trail
train : train
trained : train
training : train
trampling : trample
transfixed : transfix
transform : transform
translate : translate
translated : translate
translates : translate
transmit : transmit
transmitted : transmit
transpired : transpire
transported : transport
transports : transport
trapped : trap
trapping : trap
travel : travel
traveled : travel
travels : travel
tray : tray
treat : treat
treated : treat
trembles : tremble
trembling : tremble
tried : try
tries : try
troubled : trouble
troubling : trouble
trouuble : trouuble
trudge : trudge
trundles : trundle
trundling : trundle
trust : trust
trusted : trust
trusts : trust
try : try
trying : try
tugging : tug
tugs : tug
tule : tule
tumble : tumble
tumbles : tumble
tumbling : tumble
turn : turn
turned : turn
turning : turn
turns : turn
twist : twist
twisting : twist
twitches : twitch
twitching : twitch
uncovered : uncover
uncovering : uncover
underestimate : underestimate
understand : understand
understood : understand
undo : undo
unfasten : unfasten
unhitch : unhitch
unhitching : unhitch
unholsters : unholster
unhook : unhook
unhooks : unhook
unlearn : unlearn
unleash : unleash
unleashes : unleash
unload : unload
unloading : unload
unlock : unlock
unmoving : unmove
unravel : unravel
unsmiling : unsmile
unsnaps : unsnap
untangling : untangle
untie : untie
uphold : uphold
upset : upset
upsets : upset
use : use
used : use
uses : use
using : use
uttering : utter
utters : utter
vacated : vacate
vanes : vane
vaporizes : vaporize
vaults : vault
veer : veer
veers : veer
veiwing : veiwe
venture : venture
verbalize : verbalize
vibrate : vibrate
viewing : view
visit : visit
visualise : visualise
volunteered : volunteer
vote : vote
voted : vote
votes : vote
voting : vote
vow : vow
wacthes : wacthe
waddles : waddle
wades : wade
wager : wager
wails : wail
wait : wait
waited : wait
waiting : wait
waits : wait
wake : wake
wakes : wake
walk : walk
walked : walk
walking : walk
walks : walk
wandered : wander
wanders : wander
wanna : wanna
want : want
wanted : want
wants : want
warding : ward
warms : warm
warn : warn
warned : warn
warning : warn
was : be
wasn : wasn
wasting : waste
watch : watch
watched : watch
watches : watch
watching : watch
wave : wave
wavers : waver
waves : wave
waving : wave
weaken : weaken
weakened : weaken
weakening : weaken
wear : wear
wearing : wear
wears : wear
weave : weave
weaves : weave
weaving : weave
wedges : wedge
weep : weep
weeping : weep
welcome : welcome
welding : weld
went : go
were : be
whacked : whack
whacking : whack
whacks : whack
whine : whine
whines : whine
whining : whine
whip : whip
whipped : whip
whipping : whip
whips : whip
whirls : whirl
whisk : whisk
whispering : whisper
whispers : whisper
whistle : whistle
whistles : whistle
whistling : whistle
widen : widen
widening : widen
widens : widen
wielded : wield
win : win
winces : wince
winding : wind
winds : wind
winks : wink
wins : win
wipe : wipe
wiped : wipe
wipes : wipe
wiping : wipe
wish : wish
wishes : wish
wishing : wish
wit : wit
withdraw : withdraw
withstand : withstand
witness : witness
witted : witte
wizened : wizene
wobbles : wobble
won : win
wonder : wonder
wondering : wonder
work : work
worked : work
working : work
works : work
worn : wear
worried : worry
worry : worry
worrying : worry
wounded : wound
wrapped : wrap
wrapping : wrap
wraps : wrap
wreck : wreck
wrecked : wreck
wriggle : wriggle
wriggles : wriggle
writhes : writhe
yank : yank
yanked : yank
yanks : yank
yell : yell
yelled : yell
yelling : yell
yells : yell
yelps : yelp
yous : you
zap : zap
zip : zip
zipping : zip
zips : zip
zoom : zoom
zooming : zoom
zooms : zoom
